---
page_id: 2eaa315859b48062ba5ffd25fdf5e76a
title: Abid Meeting 1/16
notion_url: https://www.notion.so/2eaa315859b48062ba5ffd25fdf5e76a
ancestor_path: Lincoln Reference Laboratory > Meeting Notes (DB)
exported_at: 2026-05-29
---

This afternoon's meeting touched base on several of the subject.
First order of business was a fundermental shift from being just a rep to an equity shareholder in DocPro. Currently generating X Amount of revenue for the company. If the revenue being gererated to the company is sizable (400k MRR) then equity opportunity arrises . Train of though leads to direction of bringing on board clients such as Dr Ahmad, Kevin Tin, Be Well Article 28, kevins other ventures into the mix, moving from just a rep to a real partner in a growing project.

From my billing clients point of LocalMD paid around 12k, FirstpointMd is still yet to be paid but invoice is being issued this week. Dr Lau's invoices are steadily 1.5k/m.

Up next is in regards to Big Apple medical care. identifying Dr Emad as their clinical descion maker when it comes to contracts and billing. Their current biller is Joel Stern of Medloop also has an IPA (Network Solutions). The gameplan is to meet with the team on tuesday and bring Abid Along for Metroplus direct contracting+ letter of affilation to ensure smooth transition. Make sure realtime claim reimbursment from Central Queen IPA is presented with thier $100 99214 for Anthem BCBS.

In regards to Dr Hussain she desperatly needs assistance with her billing she is constantly micromanaging her own practice from all angles between day to day operations and billing which an issue. Her currently contract is set to expire in may 2025, and has LOADS of denials that need constant revial. Proposal to abid was establish to handle her current denials for a lower rate. (currently getting paid about 55-60k/m and help her get out of the contract by increaase revenue and getting out sooner. After the urgent care is running more steadily, more time can be allocated for consulting on clinical trials.

(clinical trials is about 5k/m consulting fee and we currently have a 5% stake for referral to start out with.) if we learn more of the insides of the business propose more help on the day to day of resarch side with dr husssain and help her scale the business to providers like Dr Chowdhury who are getting older but are still looking to make more with what they have. End goal for abid to take over billing, enroll her credentilaign with more insurance and get her paid to run the practice on autopilot(hopefully hire a midlevel).

Next order of business is estbalishing a dinner between abid and Tracy.  A value propostion to Tracy would be onboarding abid as a biller for healthneed showing what value can be brough to the table with todays reimbursments and bugets cuts(offer ahmed new mso as a FFS contracting for urgent cares)
