A similar issue all reps and offices deal with is accountablilty and follow through in real world existing problems. With only a limited select handful of people to truly help help our the reps plus the increased call volume plus problems there needs to be a ticketing or actionable request feature inside labaide.
	picute the following schenario- doctors calling a rep regarding pending labs- client services is assisting other reps at the moment or have their hands tied with another task. rep doesnt get an answer within the lab so he texts and emails customer service. about 30 minutes go by and he tries to reach out again, only then can he get a hold of someone to help him out with this case. at this point the pateint is waiting in the room with a doctor, cant be seen since his labs arent final. patient is upset, as wel as doctor since it can cost him his patients meanwhile the rep is suffering and unable to get the asssitnace he needs when he needs it.(pain point)

The solution is as follows, labaide grows into multimodal agent capabilties(move to a stronger model(reasoning). Instead of just being a database tool, in order to ger real world ROI, reps and clients are able to submit requests for pending labs(dependent on scenario if owners accounts they can send directly. If clients rely mainly on reps they are the ones to submit all tickets). as the ticketing system meaning sending requests for pending accession with reminders on client services side to follow up and provide updates within 5-15 mins depending on complexity. If simple issue such as results needing to be re-released can be solved quickly, if addon request is submitted standard followup procedure where reps are able to get confiration of addon tests, sendout/workers are preparing to hand the sample off to necessary department for processing. constant followup from reps avoided, client services sees firsthand ALL tasks that need to be handled by rep and no outstanding cases left unattended to. (resolution speed, rate of sucess and progression is measureable(meaningng ability to get funding))
(agent can route tickets accordingly based on which department can best answer the request as possible)
The vision is simple like Labaide.app's dashboard we create a client services dashboard with status request(pendings), IT, addons, expedition based on severity). 

example workflow rep uses telegram and +add task, submits accession number or dob-> client services sees the request come up on thier dahsboard, and is able to communicate status of each indepedne ttickets back to the cooresponding rep. no more forgotten texts, docots get followup they deser and client saved, reps happy.

For CS- Addon request, pendings(two seprarete cateogories one for sendout one for inhouse)
Idemporency- dertiministic ids for each independent user or tag to identfiy button based events that triggered.(is there aynwhere that can prevent issues from arrising)(wait for webhook to allow for each part of code to be triggered)
(if negative opinions said back maybe offer an alternative isnted of a deterministis (NO) or call cs)maybe a start from scratch instead of instant no

autorecover critical logs